Kyle Stearns
I do not believe there is anything else needed to run my project other than python and an API key
This project gets the data of the top 250 tv shows as well as the user ratings for the 1,50,100,200, and the wheel of time. The program first gets the 250 shows and then uses 
The list to get the show Ids for the shows listed previously in this file. Once it does this it queries the user ratings for those 5 shows and writes them to the file. After this
The 250s are written below it. To make it more readable I have used the .get as well as indexes to get into the dictionaries and take the important information as strings and wrote them in a nicer to read format
For the 250 shows I wrote the data that I thought would be most relevant to the show, which I checked to make sure this was ok previously. 
I also have a secrets file where I have my API key. 
There are also optional functions I made just to navigate the 250 data easier such as search by title or find Id by title. 
I also added error checking into the get userRatings function as the IMDB list updated the show list fairly recently and the 200th show did not have any user ratings so I made a check for zero ratings.

Kyle Stearns Sprint 2

In this sprint, I made two tables, table250 and ratings which take the data of the top 250 shows as well as the data from the ratings of the 1,50,100,200 and the wheel of the time . The 250 table also has the wheel of time in it with zeros for all but the id and title. There is a foreign key that of the show_id in the ratings table that connects to the table250. To put the data into the tables I used sqlite queries and passed in the values from the queried data. For the tests I made one that pulls the 250 data, puts it in a database, and then checks if the database has 250 rows and then confirms it. The second one checks if the mock data was added to the database and then confirms it.

Kyle Stearns Sprint 3

In this sprint, I added the additional tables as well as made a function that took the popularMovies rankUpdown values, ordered them and then put them in the table. For the tests involving making the new tables and checking if they are there, I modified my first test function that already makes the entire database. I then had the test add and check if all the tables are in there. This test encompasses making a new table as we could not check the amount of data added if there was no table in the first place. For the happy path test I added in data and had the orderRankUpDown put them in the correct order from neg to pos and assert that their positions were correct. For the bad path tests I put in empty, spaces, and letters and checked to make sure 4 entries were still in the table afterward, meaning the function noticed the bad data and adjusted accordingly. For the Foreign key test I took the sql table creation statement from sql master for the ratingsMOV table and split it into a list. I then iterated through till i found the word foreign. Then till I found the word references. Since after reference is the table foreign keyed I checked after it and appended each char to a new string until it equaled the name of the popularMOV table, the table we want it foreign keyed to. I then returned a check int to be asserted

Kyle Stearns Sprint 4

In this sprint, I added a GUI which updates data and visualizes it. The first menu has a button called Update Data which calls main when pressed and then notifies the user that the data was updated. The data visualization button brings you to the next screen so long that there is data. If not it will stop the user and give them a hint that maybe they should press the update data button. Once there is data, the data visualization button brings the user to a menu where they can look at detailed tv or movie information. They can also look at a graph of the rankUpDowns of popular movies and tv shows. The user can also choose to see what is in common between the 2 sets of tv and movie tables. If the user goes into the TV menu, they can pull up tables ordered by ranking or rankUpDown for the most popular tv shows. There is also a button to show the 250 tv show table. All of these tables are made using the same function and as such they also have the same ability to bring up the rankings for any id pressed in the table. This is done by taking the highlighted cells text and passing it as a parameter to getUserRatings. That data is then taken and formatted to look nice in a QmessageBox. When Pressing The movie button it is structurally identical to the TV menu, except that it uses the movie data instead of the tv data. As such these tables also have the aforementioned ratings ID selection. Make sure to only click on a cell with an ID in it. If the graph button is pressed, the rankUpdowns for the popularTVs and Movies are sorted by if they are a positive or negative number and then they are counted and the number of items is each is used to show how many changed. The lines are also color coated with red for going up and white for going down. If the 2 table comparison buttons are pressed, they will do an inner join with their respective tables and notify the user of the inner join in a formatted string QmessageBox. If you want to operate the GUI all you have to do is run GUI.py. For testing I made a test that takes in mock data and orders it with the orderFunction used in the table. I then assert that the first item in the list matches what it should be if ordered correctly. I then took dummy data and had it get sorted by the positive and negative sorter and assert that the number of positive and negative numbers match with the dummy data given. For the inner join tests I made a mock database and committed the data for the tv and movies that would have the same Ids in the popular and 250 tables. I then asserted the length of the inner join so that they would match the dummy data committed. I made a GUI plan that has pictures and table examples that explain what the GUI does and looks like
